---
slug: connect-to-targets
id: twbhwmrfcgw6
type: challenge
title: Let's connect to some targets!
teaser: Use application credential injection to access an EC2, dynamic brokered credentials
  to access a DB, and static brokered credentials to access a Windows target
notes:
- type: text
  contents: Connect to Linux, Postgres and Windows targets securely through Boundary.
    Let's go!
tabs:
- title: Workstation
  type: terminal
  hostname: workstation
- title: Remote Desktop
  type: service
  hostname: guac
  path: /#/client/c/srv01?username=guac_user&password=guac_password
  port: 8080
- title: AWS Console
  type: service
  hostname: cloud-client
  path: /
  port: 80
difficulty: basic
timelimit: 7200
---

Connecting to targets
=====================

We have three targets deployed which we can connect to. From a connection point of view, we handle the credential aspect differently:

1. **EC2 Amazon Linux VM** - When we connect to this target, the SSH credentials are automatically injected into the session, without any user intervention. To try this out you can use the Boundary Desktop UI or the CLI. To use the CLI the command you first need to get the Target ID. This can be found in the Desktop UI, or the Admin UI or via the CLI. If you run `boundary targets list -recursive`. When you get the Target ID then run the following command: `boundary connect ssh yourtargetid`. You will connect into the EC2 Linux box as `ec2-user`.


2. **RDS Database** - When we connect to this target, the credentials are brokered to us, but they are generated by Vault and are ephemeral with a pre-configured TTL. Use the Desktop UI to view the brokered credentials. From there, open up a terminal and connect to the postgres with the following command, but replacing the RDS address, username and password with your deployment outputs: `psql -h boundary-brokered-demo.cjsk2mcc0q8j.eu-west-2.rds.amazonaws.com -U v-token-bo-dba-0FSksmaPG2Yir2UwPMKz-1714404378 -d workshop_postgres`


3. **EC2 Windows VM** - When we connect to this, the credentials are brokered to us, but they are static credentials that are held within the Boundary native credential store. Take these credentials from the Desktop UI and open up an RDP session, with your client of choice. If you notice, the Desktop client presents us with an address similar to `127.0.0.1 50505` We can take this `localhost` address and use to connect to the Windows VM.